mysqldump support for data dumps (#91)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-buddy: README.md

There is a `GenericError` class that implements the `setResponseError` and `getResponseError` methods. If you want to provide a user-friendly error message, you can use the `setResponseError` method or create an exception with `GenericError::create('User-friendly error message goes here')`. It's important to note that the default exception message will not be included in the user response but in the Manticore log file.

> ### Helper tool to start new command development
> 
> We have a tool that helps to simplify the process of adding new command. For example,
> 
> ```bash
> bin/create-command NameOfTheCommand
> ```
> 
> Will create all required structures for `NameOfTheCommand` command. Everything you need to do to check all files and update them with code. For more information about how things work, check the next section.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Helper tool to start new command development

We offer a tool that simplifies the process of adding a new command. Using the tool, you can create a new command with a single command-line instruction like this:

```bash
bin/create-command NameOfTheCommand
```

Once you execute this command, all the necessary structures for the `NameOfTheCommand` command will be created automatically. All that's left for you to do is to review the files and add your code where necessary. For further information on how this tool works, please refer to the next section.
```
